W-16030726-async-api-2-6-fa (#232)
mulesoft/docs-design-center: modules/ROOT/pages/design-async-api.adoc

You can create or import an API specification in API Designer.

> == Create an AsyncAPI specification in API Designer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Create an AsyncAPI Specification in API Designer
```

To create an AsyncAPI specification in API Designer:

. In Design Center, click *Create New*.
. Select *New AsyncAPI*.
. In the *New AsyncAPI* dialog, name your project.
. Select the AsyncAPI language under *Specification Language*.

The text editor opens. 

> For more information on how to use API Designer, refer to xref:design-center::design-create-publish-api-raml-editor.adoc[Create an API Specification with the Text Editor].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about how to use API Designer, refer to xref:design-center::design-create-publish-api-raml-editor.adoc[].
```

* View documentation that is included in AsyncAPI specifications.
* Publish AsyncAPI specifications to Anypoint Exchange.

== Example AsyncAPI 2.6 specification

Following is an example that you can copy into API Designer to get started with event-driven APIs. 

> This example is a typical event-driven process that is documented for easy reuse. It defines an API specification that uses Anypoint MQ and Kafka protocols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following API specification example defines a typical event-driven process that uses Anypoint MQ and Kafka protocols.
```

> Sections in the example specification are: 

Reviewer: Does it make sense to use [calloutlist] below the example to point to different sections?

* AsyncAPI  
+ 

> Identifies the API model as AsyncAPI and specifies the title and version of the API spec.  

Reviewer: Since these aren't complete sentences, they shouldn't get terminating punctuation.

* Servers

> Defines message brokers that determine the connectors to use (indirectly) when publishing events or subscribing to events through operations in the AsyncAPI module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines message brokers that determine the connectors to use (indirectly) when publishing events or subscribing to events through operations in the AsyncAPI module:
```

** `AMQ-prod` configures an Anypoint MQ Broker.
** `Kafka-prod` configures a locally hosted Kafka broker.
+
* Operation 
Defines the action that the application takes and whether the event is consumed or published.
+
* Channels

> Defines the bindings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines the bindings:
```
